docs: mention about accessing dynamic modules on standalone mode (#3053)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/application-context.md

@@filename()
async function bootstrap() {
  const app = await NestFactory.createApplicationContext(AppModule);
  // your application logic here ...
}
bootstrap();
```

#### Retrieving providers from static modules

The standalone application object allows you to obtain a reference to any instance registered within the Nest application.  Let's imagine that we have a `TasksService` provider in the `TasksModule` module that was imported by our `AppModule` module. This class provides a set of methods that we want to call from within a CRON job.

```typescript
@@filename()
const tasksService = app.get(TasksService);
```

> To access the `TasksService` instance we use the `get()` method.  
> The `get()` method acts like a **query** that searches for an instance in each registered module. You can pass any provider's token to it. Alternatively, for strict context checking, pass an options object with the `strict: true` property. With this option in effect, you have to navigate through specific modules to obtain a particular instance from the selected context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the `TasksService` instance we use the `get()` method.  The `get()` method acts like a **query** that searches for an instance in each registered module. You can pass any provider's token to it. Alternatively, for strict context checking, pass an options object with the `strict: true` property. With this option in effect, you have to navigate through specific modules to obtain a particular instance from the selected context.
```

@@filename()
async function bootstrap() {
  const app = await NestFactory.createApplicationContext(AppModule);
  // your application logic here ...
}
bootstrap();
```

#### Retrieving providers from static modules

> The standalone application object allows you to obtain a reference to any instance registered within the Nest application.  
> Let's imagine that we have a `TasksService` provider in the `TasksModule` module that was imported by our `AppModule` module. This class provides a set of methods that we want to call from within a CRON job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standalone application object allows you to obtain a reference to any instance registered within the Nest application.  Let's imagine that we have a `TasksService` provider in the `TasksModule` module that was imported by our `AppModule` module. This class provides a set of methods that we want to call from within a CRON job.
```

@@filename()
async function bootstrap() {
  const app = await NestFactory.createApplicationContext(AppModule);
  // your application logic here ...
}
bootstrap();
```

#### Retrieving providers from static modules

The standalone application object allows you to obtain a reference to any instance registered within the Nest application.  
Let's imagine that we have a `TasksService` provider in the `TasksModule` module that was imported by our `AppModule` module. This class provides a set of methods that we want to call from within a CRON job.

```typescript
@@filename()
const tasksService = app.get(TasksService);
```

To access the `TasksService` instance we use the `get()` method.  
The `get()` method acts like a **query** that searches for an instance in each registered module. You can pass any provider's token to it. Alternatively, for strict context checking, pass an options object with the `strict: true` property. With this option in effect, you have to navigate through specific modules to obtain a particular instance from the selected context.

```typescript
@@filename()

> // ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

@@filename()
async function bootstrap() {
  const app = await NestFactory.createApplicationContext(AppModule);
  // your application logic here ...
}
bootstrap();
```

> #### Retrieving providers for static modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Retrieving providers from static modules
```

The standalone application object allows you to obtain a reference to any instance registered within the Nest application.  
Let's imagine that we have a `TasksService` provider in the `TasksModule` module that was imported by our `AppModule` module. This class provides a set of methods that we want to call from within a CRON job.

```typescript
@@filename()

> // ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> info **Hint** In non-strict mode, the root module is selected by default. To select any other module, you need to navigate the modules graph manually, step by step.

> #### Retrieving providers for dynamic modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Retrieving providers from dynamic modules
```

When dealing with [dynamic modules](./fundamentals/dynamic-modules.md), we should supply the same object that represents the registered dynamic module in the application to `app.select`. For example:

```typescript
@@filename()
export const dynamicConfigModule = ConfigModule.register({ folder: './config' });

@Module({
  imports: [dynamicConfigModule],
})
export class AppModule {}
```

> then youn can select that module later on:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ten you can select that module later on:
```

```typescript
@@filename()
const configService = app.select(dynamicConfigModule).get(ConfigService, { strict: true });
```

> this is because we didn't registered the static version of `ConfigModule`, only the dynamic version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

bootstrap();
```

> And as mentioned at [Lifecycle events](./fundamentals/lifecycle-events.md) chapter, that will trigger few lifecycle hooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And as mentioned in the [Lifecycle events](./fundamentals/lifecycle-events.md) chapter, that will trigger lifecycle hooks.
```
